welcome to only Illinois where a
squirrel entering the city for the first
time might wonder just what kind of pace
he's walked into only welcome squirrels
with open arms
Hill squirrels are headline news
the image is everywhere and shops are
stopped with squirrel souvenirs
in only in police cars spot their
portrait booth pride
this visitor could be forgiven for
thinking he stumbled into squirrel
heaven especially given the heavenly
squirrel host these are no angels
they're also gray squirrels but Albina
ones the pride of the city by changing
their uniforms
these white grey squirrels have
successfully subverted humans to their
cause albino squirrels are usually rare
but only has the biggest concentration
in the world they've survived here for
more than 100 years protected largely by
the pride of the local community and the
special squirrel laws they've passed the
whole city is designated a squirrel
sanctuary technically it's illegal to
walk agog or even a cat without a leash
white squirrels are also popular with
the local birds of prey their snow white
fur makes dlb nose an easy target
squirrels even have right-of-way on the
city streets and there are designated
squirrel crossing points
you